Add screenshots in the README.md (#1962)
cloud-barista/cb-tumblebug: README.md

    ```bash
    init/encCredential.sh
    ```

>     After running the command, you can choose to enter a custom password or let the system generate a random key for you.
>     If you decide to enter a custom password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When executing the script, you have two options: 1) enter your password or 2) let the system generate a random passkey.
    1. Entering your password:
```

    ![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8f051ce8-9282-4e6d-a8ae-af5c831622c7)

>     If you choose to let the system generate a random key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Letting the system generate a random passkey, which MUST be securely stored in a safe location:
```

    ![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/807511ee-05d9-481e-a191-d1aad2e9aeb2)

  If you need to update your credentials, decrypt the encrypted file using `decCredential.sh`, make the necessary changes to `credentials.yaml`, and then re-encrypt it.

  - Decrypting Credentials
    ```bash
    init/decCredential.sh
    ```

>     If you entered a custom password, please use the same password to decrypt the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If encrypted using option 1, please use the same password to decrypt the file:
```

    ![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/600921fb-cdff-4313-ae4d-266ddd31809b)

>     If you generated a random key, enter it to decrypt the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. If encrypted using option 2, enter the passkey to decrypt the file:
```
